# [[Sandro Linux Community Podcast]] - [[2023-12-08]] - Black Friday Deals and More Tech News

## Mobile News
## iPhone
### Apple to move a quarter of its iPhone production to India in next few years
https://www.gsmarena.com/apple_to_move_a_quarter_of_its_iphone_production_to_india_in_next_few_years-news-60866.php
### iOS 17: What to Know About Apple's Upcoming Journal App 
https://www.cnet.com/tech/services-and-software/ios-17-what-to-know-about-apples-upcoming-journal-app/
## Android
### Now Android phones can automatically send medical data during 911 calls
https://www.theverge.com/2023/12/7/23992311/google-android-12-personal-safety-emergency-responder-911-rapidsos
### Google explains how to use Video Boost, ‘gradually’ rolling out to Pixel 8 Pro
https://9to5google.com/2023/12/07/pixel-8-pro-video-boost/
### The Google Play Cubes feature gets another widget
https://www.androidpolice.com/google-cubes-another-widget/
### Some Samsung phones are missing months of Google Play system updates
https://www.androidauthority.com/google-play-samsung-phones-3392493/

## Linux
### Distro Releases
### SparkyLinux 7.2
https://sparkylinux.org/sparky-7-2/

## Gaming
### Native Steam Link support for Meta Quest headsets promises to simplify life for VR gamers
https://www.pcgamer.com/native-steam-link-support-for-meta-quest-headsets-promises-to-simplify-life-for-vr-gamers/
## Broadband and Celullar
## UK
### Sky UK Puts Sky Mobile and Sky Broadband Staff into One Team
https://www.ispreview.co.uk/index.php/2023/12/sky-uk-puts-sky-mobile-and-sky-broadband-staff-into-one-team.html
### EE UK Launch EE TV Service with Apple TV and Free Multi-room
hhttps://www.ispreview.co.uk/index.php/2023/12/ee-uk-launch-ee-tv-service-with-apple-tv-and-free-multi-room.html
### Gigabit Broadband Coverage Reaches 80 Percent of UK Homes
https://www.ispreview.co.uk/index.php/2023/12/gigabit-broadband-coverage-reaches-80-percent-of-uk-homes.html

## Misc
### Apple launches MLX machine-learning framework for Apple Silicon
https://www.computerworld.com/article/3711408/apple-launches-mlx-machine-learning-framework-for-apple-silicon.html
### Google's AI-infused NotebookLM note-taking app is open to everyone in the US
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/googles-ai-infused-notebooklm-note-taking-app-is-open-to-everyone-in-the-us-155239999.html
### Amazon is piloting a new $9.99 monthly grocery subscription for Prime members in three cities
https://techcrunch.com/2023/12/07/amazon-piloting-9-99-grocery-subscription-offering-prime-members-three-cities/
### Threads launches in Europe on December 14, teaser reveals
https://9to5google.com/2023/12/08/threads-europe-launch-date-teaser/
### Google is working on letting you make AI-generated Chrome themes
https://www.xda-developers.com/google-chrome-ai-generated-theme/
### Saudi Arabia's futuristic Neom project aims to embrace green flying taxis, but the world's top oil exporter has no plans to phase down fossil fuels
https://www.businessinsider.com/saudi-arabia-neom-project-green-city-fossil-fuels-oil-2023-12
### New systemd update will bring Windows’ infamous Blue Screen of Death to Linux
https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/12/linux-distros-are-about-to-get-a-killer-windows-feature-the-blue-screen-of-death/
### As Apple Card rumors swirl, Amex CEO reveals what he looks for in co-brand partnerships
https://9to5mac.com/2023/12/07/apple-card-american-express-rumors/
### Google Calendar's awkward multi-tiered FAB could soon be replaced
https://www.androidpolice.com/google-calendar-tasks-chips/
### Twitch exit from S. Korea is latest fallout from “sending-party-pays” model
https://arstechnica.com/?p=1989493
### Uber could soon let you buy an eSIM straight from its app
https://www.androidauthority.com/uber-esim-3390483/
### WhatsApp adds a secret code to protect your locked chats
https://www.androidpolice.com/whatsapp-adds-secret-code-protect-locked-chats/
### Apple TV+ may bundle with Paramount+ to cut subscriber losses
https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/12/01/apple-tv-may-bundle-paramount-to-cut-subscriber-losses?utm_medium=rss
### Opera GX browser jump scared its users, and they are rightfully mad about it
https://www.androidauthority.com/opera-gx-jump-scared-users-3390513/
### Microsoft will no longer reward you for daily searches in Edge
https://www.xda-developers.com/microsoft-no-reward-daily-searches-edge/
