# [[Sandro Linux Community Podcast]] - [[2024-03-01]] - Apple’s electric car project is dead (Old title: Jolla is back and building an AI device)

## Headline
### Apple’s electric car project is dead
https://www.theverge.com/2024/2/27/24084907/apple-electric-car-project-titan-shuts-down

## AI
### GitHub’s Copilot Enterprise is now generally available at $39 a month
https://techcrunch.com/2024/02/27/githubs-copilot-enterprise-hits-general-availability/
### Tim Cook says Apple will ‘break new ground’ in GenAI this year
https://techcrunch.com/2024/02/28/tim-cook-says-apple-will-break-new-ground-in-genai-this-year/
### Klarna deepens automation fears with claim AI assistant does work of 700 people
https://thenextweb.com/news/klarna-automation-fears-claim-ai-assistant-work-of-700-people
### OpenAI: ‘The New York Times Paid Someone to Hack Us’
https://torrentfreak.com/openai-the-new-york-times-paid-someone-to-hack-us-240227/

## Mobile News
### Mobile OS maker Jolla is back and building an AI device 
https://techcrunch.com/2024/02/27/jolla-mind2/
### Android
### Microsoft Copilot can now replace Google Assistant or Bixby on your phone
https://9to5google.com/2024/02/27/microsoft-copilot-preferred-digital-assistant/
#### The Nubia Flip 5G is the first budget Razr rival
https://www.androidpolice.com/nubia-flip-5g-cheapest-foldable-yet-mwc-2024/
#### The Google Gemini integration in Messages is now official
https://www.androidpolice.com/google-gemini-messages-integration-official-mwc-2024/
#### A Barbie flip phone is coming later this year
https://www.androidpolice.com/hmd-barbie-phone/
##### Notes
- Don't worry Nokia fans, HMD are still thinking of you!
### iPhone
#### Apple under fire for disabling iPhone web apps—EU asks developers to weigh in
https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2024/02/apple-under-fire-for-disabling-iphone-web-apps-eu-asks-developers-to-weigh-in/
## Gaming
### Nvidia’s GeForce Now free tier will make you watch ads before gaming
https://www.pcworld.com/article/2249163/geforce-now-free-tier-gets-up-to-two-minutes-of-pre-roll-ads.html

## Broadband and Celullar
### Global 
#### United Group closes acquisition of Bulsatcom
https://developingtelecoms.com/telecom-technology/optical-fixed-networks/16298-united-group-closes-acquisition-of-bulsatcom.html
### UK
#### Vodafone Confirm UK 3G Signals Have Been Shut Down, Almost
https://www.ispreview.co.uk/index.php/2024/02/vodafone-confirm-uk-3g-signals-have-been-shut-down-almost.html

## Desktop News
### Warp, Rust-Based Terminal with AI, is Now Available on Linux
https://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2024/02/warp-terminal-official-linux-release
### YouTube Music now supports offline downloads on desktop
https://www.androidpolice.com/youtube-music-offline-downloads-desktop/

## Misc
### Apple’s electric car project is dead
https://www.theverge.com/2024/2/27/24084907/apple-electric-car-project-titan-shuts-down
### Apple ID Could Be Rebranded to 'Apple Account' Later This Year
https://www.macrumors.com/2024/02/28/apple-id-to-apple-account-rebrand/

### Coinbase says some users are seeing $0 balances, but their crypto is safe
https://www.businessinsider.com/coinbase-0-balance-cryptocurrency-error-users-assets-safe-2024-2
### Samsung’s new microSD card is faster than some SSDs
https://www.engadget.com/samsungs-new-microsd-card-is-faster-than-some-ssds-191251687.html?src=rss
### The White House urgently wants memory-safe programming languages to be used by developers
https://www.techradar.com/pro/the-white-house-urgently-wants-memory-safe-programming-languages-to-be-used-by-developers